Let's talk about the reference, reference is a powerful feature of c++
This feature is not there, in any other language.
Let us see what it is.
See in the main function if I have a variable X and this also having some value and for this X some
memory is allocated let's say address is two hundred and 201.
So this is the value, now let us see what is a reference.
If I'm declaring one variable that's y, if I write like this it's a normal variable so for y
also some memory will be allocated.
No.
I will write & here.
This looks a little different.
If I star here it's a pointer.
Yes we know that.
But now &.
Yes.
There is a reference.
there is a reference.
And when ever you declare a reference you must initialize it that time only you must initialize.
So what is this reference.
Reference is nothing but a nickname of this variable alias of this variable.
So this is just another name.
So the same memory 200 this location which we were  calling it as x.
Now you can also call it as y, so this is a alias or nickname of variable x.
So why do you mean this.
We don't need inside the same function where do we need it.
I will show you in my next topic.
But you can have another name for a variable so that same location.
Two hundred, two not one, can be called with the name X also can be called with the name y also.
Right.
So if I say X plus plus then this value becomes eleven.
Same way if I say I plus plus then this value becomes 12.
see both X and Y are accessing the same memory.
If I say cout  x then I will get the value 12.
If I see a cout Y then also I get the value 12 same thing.
So definitely it is not  require in same function.
Just we are learning what is the reference.
Further I will show you a few more things.
See if I have one more variable A, and to this
A If I say a assign X or if I say X assign 25.
Let us see what is the difference between these two statements in these two statements.
I'm using X in both of them but this X is used on right hand side of assignment and this X is used
on the left hand side of assignment.
So here it is right hand side so we say it is R value.
I'm here it is on the left hand side so we call it as L value so let us understand these two things
what is R value and what is N value.
See.
R value right hand side
means
What happens here.
Whatever is there in X has to be stored in A.
So what is there in x ra,y it is 12, so 12 will be stored in A.
So when we write X it means the value of the video but X so that the value is stored here.
So value is like a literal constant value.
So yes R value is a data.
Literal the constant value.
Some value.
Whereas here we are saying x assign 25 we want 25 to be stored in X so 25 should
be stored in this location erasing whatever was there.
It should overwrite and 25 should be stored there.
So this means we are writing this 25 in this location.
So this is 200.
So this X is giving the location where this 25 should be written.
So this is address of x.
So this is data of X, so in simple terms  on the assignment  when you take a variable on the right hand side.
It means data.
Then you write it on left hand side  it means its address, L value means address.
But here what has happen you see in case of reference when you have written & y assign x so
x is written on the right hand side.
What is given in the name of Y.
That same address is given for Y also.
So it means this X.
Here it is L value of X. Now one more important thing.
That is access occupying supposed two bytes in the name of integer.
Right.
Because it is integer then how much memory Y is occupying.
Y Is not occupying any memory.
That is one more important thing about reference, reference doesn't consume any memory at all.
It is just like your brother has bought a car and that same car it belongs to you also right, mr. A
bought the car.
Mr. B is a brother.
So that same car belongs to B also.
So same car it belongs to x also it belongs to y  also, right so there are no two cars.
Same car, people when they see this A is car.
Some people will say no this is b's car.
both are same only, it's a same car
So weather you call X or Y.
It's the same thing.
Now one more important thing about references.
Once you have  declared and initialize reference you cannot make it as a nickname for any variable
but now it is meant for only x.
You cannot write like again  &y assign a, no there
There is no such syntax at all.
You cannot write.
So once you said that X will be reading as y also that's all, it's over.  within the same function
That y cannot be referencing any other variable at all.
Th's all I will show you  practically how it works.